Create 2024-01-26-governance-update.md (#745)
open-life-science/open-life-science.github.io: _posts/2024-01-26-governance-update.md

---
layout: post
title: Announcing the OLS Governance and Their Work Since June 2023
authors: 
- malvikasharan
- yochannah
image: /images/2023-01-gov-post-almani-qhizq_V876M-unsplash.png
---

At OLS, we are thrilled to share a significant milestone: the establishment of the OLS Governance Committee. In this post, we highlight their work with us over the past six months.

> ## Evolution of OLS

Author: ```suggestion
# Governance Focus of OLS in 2023
```

## Meet the Committee Members

> Learn more about the Governance Committee and its members on our [governance page]({{ site.github.owner_url }}/governance). Individual committee members are listed below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more about the Governance Committee and its members on our [governance page]({% link governance.md %}). Individual committee members are listed below:
```

The journey continues, and we are very grateful to our Committee members for their generosity and time in OLS.

> You can follow updates on our [GitHub repository for governance](https://github.com/open-life-science/ols-governance). We look forward to sharing ongoing  discussions and developments with the broader OLS community!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can follow updates on our [GitHub repository for governance]({{ site.github.owner_url }}/ols-governance). We look forward to sharing ongoing  discussions and developments with the broader OLS community!
```
